[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Randy Cramer, who
has participated in a covert
military space program for 18
years called the Earth Defense
Force.
Today, we are talking about
the Galactic Federation.
Randy, welcome.
>> RANDY CRAMER:
Thanks for having me.
Good to be here.
>> EMERY: Former Israeli Space
Security Chief Haim Eshed said
that we have been in contact
with extraterrestrials from
a Galactic Federation.
What does he mean by this?
>> RANDY: Yeah, I think he
got in trouble for that.
I don't think he was
supposed to say that,
and he's been
quieted down probably
quite a bit since then.
Certainly, there
are the federation
of worlds or
organization of worlds
that come together
or come together
in a Galactic Senate,
a deliberating body
of policy-voting members.
So we often refer to them
as the Galactic Senate,
as that is where all the power,
and vote, and information comes
from.
>> EMERY: So that's what they
go by, not really Galactic
Federation like pop
culture we talk about.
It's the Galactic Senate.
>> RANDY: Internally, we
refer to it more that way.
But again, terminology
like this depending
on what Department you're
in, whether you're military
or whether you're
in the diplomat core
or whether you're in
a corporate division.
Some of these words become very
interchangeable to some people.
>> EMERY: And who are the
members of this Galactic
Senate?
Is it organizations
or extraterrestrials?
Are they interacting with us?
>> RANDY: Every civilized world
in the galaxy that has been
invited to be a member and has
accepted that membership is
a member.
Not everyone gets an invitation.
>> EMERY: How do you get that?
>> RANDY: Yeah, you have to be
a spacefaring civilized world
that's willing to comply
with the treaties,
which we are in the process at
the moment of becoming a fully
spacefaring trading civilization
who is complying with those
treaties.
>> EMERY: When do you believe
that will be public for just
the regular civilians here?
>> RANDY: Soon.
I mean, we always hope
it's going to be soon.
I think that the tracking
of what's happening,
we're still looking at some
inevitabilities that will
be happening sooner than later.
But it's another conversation.
But I think we're
more like months away,
maybe a few years
at the most, but I
think that that's a stretch.
>> EMERY: So what determines
their boundaries of limitations
and interference with us?
>> RANDY: Mostly votes
in the Senate in the body
of the Senate where
if, for instance,
we're having a transition period
and someone wants to say, well,
I don't think they
should have an invasion.
I think that's a bad
idea for everybody.
And so there's a
policy conversation.
There's a deliberation.
There's a vote.
And then whoever decides,
whoever wants to vote,
that we should be able to have
our own invasion can vote we
have our own invasion, and
those who say no, I don't think
they should be able to
have their own invasion,
will vote no.
>> EMERY: Well, who is the head
of this Senate then, Randy?
>> RANDY: Oh, there's
not a head of the Senate.
I mean, there is a body
of hundreds of thousands
of civilized worlds that
make up the entire--
>> EMERY: So that
is the structure?
>> RANDY: Yeah, it is
a deliberating body,
which members can propose
conversations policy
conversations the equivalent
of proposing a bill to be put
into law or in some--
I mean, their structure isn't
exactly the same as our own.
So it's not exactly
one-to-one there,
but it's similar enough that
deliberation, discussion
of change of law, or
enactment of law or policy,
and the more votes you
get, the more likely
it is you're going to
get a yes to that thing
or versus if you get
too many no votes
and then it's not
going to be that thing.
>> EMERY: So why are they
interacting with Earth?
I mean, why Earth?
I mean, how long has
this been going on?
>> RANDY: A long time.
I mean, thousands of years,
as near as we can tell.
We have certainly
been watched over
and kept an eye on by
these various civilizations
and species for at least
thousands or hundreds
of thousands of years.
So, you know again, I think it
has a lot to do with the fact
that we're a library planet,
housing of information
from many, many other planets
in this part of the galaxy.
But essentially,
because we're an up
and coming psionically
emergent civilization, that
means someone's going to
come along and start having
conversations about,
hey, don't you
want to come join the big
club and be in the big senate
and get out of
student government
and do the real thing?
And bring us into
that conversation
and bring us into the
operational procedures
of the Galactic Senate.
>> EMERY: Have they been part
of the seeding of humanity here
on Earth, or did they
just show up recently?
>> RANDY: You know the Senate
is an organization that has not
been around long
enough, I think,
to be a seeding organization.
The current Galactic
Senate, as I understand it,
has only been in operation for
about the last 50,000 years
or less.
So there are Galactic
historical upheavals,
and my understanding is the
last sort of Galactic reset
that we had socially,
politically governmentally
was about 50,000 years ago.
>> EMERY: Let's talk about
the members of this Galactic
Senate.
Who are they?
>> RANDY: Again, every civilized
world that's been given
and accepted an invitation.
So, over 200,000
civilized worlds
participate and have a chair
or a seat representation
in the Galactic Senate.
>> EMERY: Who's at the
top of that structure?
>> RANDY: I don't know
that there's a top of that
structure.
It's pretty evened out.
>> EMERY: It's like
a group collective.
>> RANDY: Yeah, it's
very collective.
I mean, certainly
more senior members
who've been there
longer probably
have a little more clout.
But my interaction
with them is it
seems less like there's not
someone in charge so much
as a large deliberative
body in which it
has its hands in many,
many, many thousands
of other cookie jars
that it is attempting
to manage and maintain
and conduct interviews,
investigations, convey
information up and down
the chain in order
for the Galaxy
to run as smoothly as possible.
And that's saying
something, considering
how not smoothly and
smoothly it seems to run
given those circumstances.
>> EMERY: How long do these
Galactic senators if you would
stay in service for that?
Is it different because
of different timelines
for aging species?
>> RANDY: Sure, I mean, the
species' age would certainly
have a lot to do with how long
they might be deliberating
in the Senate.
But and it also depends on
the world that they come from.
Some people-- some worlds
would have the same idea
that we do that you
don't necessarily
have the same job forever
and for your entire life.
But we also have people in this
world that have the same job
and do the same career
their entire life.
>> EMERY: So are they born into
it, or are they voted into it?
>> RANDY: It depends on the
world you're talking about.
It would be different depending
on the social structure
of the planet that
they come from.
So, but they're certainly
elected or appointed
depending on the world
that they come from,
and they're allowed to
be there for as long
as either the people
who send them there
find them suitable to be
there or their appointees
or their pointers--
sorry appointers
find them suitable to be there.
But it's a flexible
job like anything else.
I mean, there are
people who've been
in it for centuries and
longer and other people who
are new at it.
>> EMERY: Now, what determines
their boundaries of limitations
and interference here?
>> RANDY: Yeah, again, that
really mostly has to do with
policy voting.
So, I'll see if I can be
more specific about that.
So you have some sort of larger
groupings of species that
cluster around kind of, let's
call it intention and belief
so that you have the busybodies,
nosy busybodies which think
that they should be involved
in everybody's business
and dealing with everybody's
business and fixing
everybody's, every world's
problems and getting involved
in every civilzation's--and
so forth.
So you have the busybodies.
You also have the NIMBYs,
the Not In My Back Yards.
They're like, well,
as long as this
isn't happening in my
area, then I'm OK with it.
You also have the let's not do
anything and let it sort itself
out types who are like,
well, let's not get involved,
and let's let them
sort itself out.
Let's let evolution
take its own course.
You have clusters of ways
in which members vote.
And so depending on
what the policy question
is, how many busybodies think
that they should be involved,
how many of the
not in my backyards
don't want to have anything
to do with it if it's
too close to them, how many of
let the path of evolutionary
whatever take its
course, depending
on how many people
you can convince
to vote one way or another will
depend on how those votes go.
But I will just say the
cloister of let's just
let it work itself out
is a lot of people,
there's a lot of votes
that are often just like,
er, let's just let
it sort itself out.
And they're often arguing
with the busybodies,
well, no, we got to do this.
And, er, let's let
it sort itself out.
No, let's really get in there.
No, let's not.
So depending on how the
brakes are will depend on
whether a policy vote
goes one way or the other
based on the cloistering of
ideas of how much interference
really do you want to
have or should you have.
Different opinions about that.
>> EMERY: You said us joining
the Galactic Senate will be
happening soon.
Why is that?
>> RANDY: Well, it's an
inevitability like so many
other things.
We are in a position where
we are we're very smart.
We're very clever.
We're pretty fierce, and
we make really good stuff.
So, as we find our place in
the intergalactic community,
it's not without some position
of authority and responsibility
because we're really good
at the things that we do.
Being really good at
the things that we do,
we want to be as involved in
those processes as possible.
So we have as many people as
we can involving themselves
in the trade negotiation
with the trade
federation or the
trade consortium
or whatever they want to
call themselves these days.
We've got people who
are well involved
in politics at the
Galactic Senate level
because they want to make
sure that when we have
representation, we understand
how the freaking system works,
so we know what
we're doing, and we
know how to get things
done, how to make things
happen here and elsewhere.
We have one of the strongest,
most powerful militaries
in this corner of the galaxy.
That's, again, no small feat
that we have achieved that
in such a tiny, tiny amount
of time, less than a century.
In less than a century, we have
gone from slingshot flicking
monkeys to the
intergalactic community
to a absolutely respectable
military in which people know
to not poke us in
the eye, and maybe
if they need help that,
we should be the ones
they call first because
we're incredibly capable.
So that's happened in a
very short amount of time.
So everybody wants
to get involved.
Everybody wants to participate
so that we have the greatest
advantage and position possible
to do the best that we can
and control the space
in which we live,
and that includes our own
solar system and nearby
so that we can police,
navigate, and peaceably control
for commerce more space as
possible because the more
that we can control
for commerce,
the more prosperous and
peaceful our planet will be.
>> EMERY: Are there any species
in the Galactic Senate that
oppose the Earth going this far
joining up with the Galactic
Senate?
>> RANDY: Oh, sure.
Yeah.
>> EMERY: And why is
that, and who are they?
>> RANDY: Sure.
I mean, they're kind of the
senior citizens of the crowd.
They're like old people
that are just like you're
too young, you whippersnapper.
You're not ready yet.
Just that kind of crap.
So I mean, it's
just people who have
been around a little
bit longer and forgot
what it was like maybe
to be new and forgot
what it was like to be starting
up again and/or just kind
of like you're not ready.
>> EMERY: Could it ever be a
possibility that that group
would get together
and, like I'll say,
vote against us joining
the Galactic Senate?
>> RANDY: There's not enough of
them to swing that many votes,
I think.
I mean, they're a pretty
small block of votes.
>> EMERY: Do you remember
what species they came from?
>> RANDY: I mean, well,
we're talking again.
We're talking about
consortiums of species,
over 200,000 species
we're talking
about voting blocks of--
consortiums of voting blocs
that agree or see things
a similar way, which is why they
end up being voting blocs that
vote the same way on things.
>> EMERY: In pop culture, they
do talk about the same dozen.
How is that in
reference to this?
>> RANDY: Well, I mean because
way back in the early days
in the '40s and '50s, we were
initially contacted by a tiny
handful that became a slightly
larger handful that for several
decades was who we were dealing
with was a dozen different
species.
Let's just say that most people
have not moved beyond that.
And let's just say that
the community at large
hasn't moved beyond that when
those numbers of other species
have grown exponentially
over the last few decades,
and we're dealing with a
lot more, but you know.
>> EMERY: Who actually now
is dealing with humanity now,
and who determines
that, and who are they?
>> RANDY: The diplomatic core
of the Galactic Senate would be
responsible for that.
They would be the--
>> EMERY: What's
a diplomatic core?
>> RANDY: The diplomatic
core would be those who are
responsible for
diplomacy, ambassadors,
and all of their personnel.
When you need to
talk about things,
you have diplomats
talk to diplomats.
Once something's been ironed out
and you have an agreement, then
corporations or
companies or businesses,
business to business
can start talking,
and they can start trading.
If there's military involvement,
then diplomatic cores
can talk to military personnel
then military personnel
can be involved.
But your diplomatic cores
are your first contact
of communication
between any world.
You're going to talk through
an ambassadorial team
through another
ambassadorial team, people
who are specialized in
training and experience
at how to be really cordial
and polite with everyone
no matter what.
And that's why they do that.
That's why that's their
job because they're
really good at that.
So, all those
initial conversations
will be started with
the diplomatic core.
>> EMERY: You mentioned there's
200,000 members in the Galactic
Senate.
That would be so
overwhelming for us.
So, who are we directly
in contact with for that?
>> RANDY: Right, well, again,
we started the initial contact
with a limited
number of species.
We were talking to
the Zetas we were
talking to members of the
Agarthan network, members
of the Andromedans.
So we had these early
contacts with folks who
were the initial contact point.
And from there, we have
been introduced just
to more and more and
more and more over time.
So now our own registry of
species worlds that we're
contacting is well over 1,000.
I mean, we're in the we're
in the thousands, I think,
at this point.
So it's been growing
drastically every year.
>> EMERY: Now, how do
other beings like the Greys
and the Reptilians carry out
their agendas here on Earth?
Do they have to face first
the Galactic Federation?
>> RANDY: No, mostly
it's because we're out
in the boonies.
We're in the sticks.
And so it's whatever you can
get away with until you can't.
And people have been able to get
away with whatever here until
we established military presence
so that they cannot just do
whatever they wanted to do.
So that's taken
some time, but we're
doing way better there
than we've ever been.
>> EMERY: Now, are there other
species like us similar to us
that are even farther out than
these boondocks that we're in?
>> RANDY: Oh, yeah, sure.
I mean, it gets even--
>> EMERY: Are they more
advanced or less advanced?
>> RANDY: Most of what happens
as you go out towards the rim
is it gets less advanced as
you go towards the rim and more
advanced as you go
to Galactic Central.
Tendency.
That doesn't mean that
there aren't more advanced
or some more advanced
species out there.
It just tends to be a
very, very tiny number.
>> EMERY: What is
Galactic Central?
Where is that located?
>> RANDY: If you
look at the, well,
if we're talking about
the Milky Way galaxy,
you look at a picture, a
map of the Milky Way galaxy,
and there's this cluster of
stars in the middle that makes
this big ball of what
looks like white,
just a big white ball
of clusters of stars.
That's basically
Galactic Central
that's or Downtown as
we call it sometimes.
>> EMERY: Who has the final say
in terms of programs that are
being enacted on planet Earth?
Is it the humans?
Is it the extraterrestrials?
>> RANDY: That's
a good question.
I would say that there's
a conversation that
has to take place.
There's not much
that we're going
to allow to happen here
that we don't have a say in,
and there's not much
that we're going
to do right now
that we're not going
to want to hear what the
say of the Galactic Senate
is because we want
to be in compliance.
We want that seat.
We want everything to
go very, very well,
so we would like to be
in compliance with that.
But we're also not
letting someone else
decide our fate for us.
So these are conversations in
which both parties or multiple
parties are going to have to
sit down, talk it out, work it
out, and come to a mutually
acceptable conclusion
or understanding of
what's going to happen.
>> EMERY: Well, what limits us
to what we can say in our own
sovereignty?
>> RANDY: Less and
less every day,
the more military
power that we have,
the more our own ability to
decide what we want to do
and our own sovereignty on
any given day on our ability
to choose our own destiny
is more and more prevalent.
Every day, we get
closer and closer
to being more and more
self-determined, more and more
self-sovereign as a species.
But there's going to be
some interaction for quite
some time.
And being a good member of
the intergalactic community
is not just about doing what
we want to do on our own time
and making our own decisions.
It is also about being
responsible to the law
and order of the universe at
large and the galaxy at large.
>> EMERY: Well, access to
exploration in space for people
on planet Earth, will that be
more of an experience that we
can do, or is that something
that it'll be under more
control of advanced
extraterrestrial civilizations?
>> RANDY: My understanding
is that when we get past
our actual disclosure moment,
there's supposed to be a end
to the trade embargo, an
end to the travel embargo,
and an end to the
information embargo.
So, hopefully, that means
more information, more trade,
and more free travel.
>> EMERY: So those are the
things that will help us go
amongst the stars?
>> RANDY: Absolutely.
Yeah, I mean, we
got a lot of people
here that want to
conduct a lot of business
and sell a lot of stuff, sell
their paintings somewhere else,
sell their sculptures
somewhere else,
sell their albums
and sell their
beer somewhere else
and there's a lot of
customers out there
that want to buy that stuff.
>> EMERY: How does this in
relation to some of the very
conscious 5D beings?
How do they fit into this?
>> RANDY: Well, they have the
luxury of being able to have
that opinion if they want to
have it because they don't have
to worry about food, or water,
or shelter, or security,
or safety, or any
of those things.
And so when you have
the luxury of not having
to worry about any
of those concerns,
then you can have
super highfalutin ideas
about how we should
live or exist
as long as it is the case that
we are cellular beings that
require water, food,
shelter, and so forth.
I mean, we want to talk about
Maslow's hierarchy of needs.
I mean, there's a whole
bunch of things that we need,
from physical material
to social, emotional,
psychological
fulfillment, in order
to be decent human beings.
But it's not going to
be a matter of, hey,
we're going to come--
forget those guys trying
to trade stuff with you.
We're going to come over
here and just show you
how to evolve
psionically so that you
don't have to do that anymore.
That's not a finger snap.
That's not a process
that's going to happen
in months or years even.
This is a process that
could take minimum decades
or centuries.
>> EMERY: Well, us going into
space and traveling around
and gaining that experience,
we'll learn these things?
>> RANDY: Eventually,
yeah, over time.
I mean, there's a
process for that.
There is a growth
But as long as we have
billions of people
that require food, water,
shelter, and sustenance,
the main reason that
our civilization exists
is going to be to trade
goods and services.
So that everyone
can be sustained.
We are still biological mammals
that can starve to death,
dehydrate to death, freeze
to death, overheat to death,
or any other number
of things to death,
which mean we require
food, water, shelter,
and other things to get
out of survival states.
And as long as we're
in survival states,
we're never going
to evolve to that.
So we have to fix
the civilization
that we're in so that we're
not panicking and wanting
for food, water, and
shelter, then we can evolve.
But until we get
past this stuff,
we're not going to be able to
do any of that evolution stuff,
not as a society, not
as a civilization.
As individuals,
yes, we can always
be doing this as individuals,
but as a society,
it's going to take
more than that.
>> EMERY: What do we need to do
for Earth to have more access
to advanced civilizations
here in space?
>> RANDY: You know, I think
it would help us tremendously
as Terrans if we could behave
less like chimpanzees throwing
poop at each other.
If we can separate ourselves
from some of our lower
primal primate
behavior, which is
a lot of what is our undoing,
I think, at the moment, then
we have a greater
chance of that.
It's like a teenager
asking their parents when
do they to get the
keys to the car,
and the answer is when
you're responsible enough,
and you behave like I can trust
you with the keys to the car
and not like you're
going to go running down
the road throwing poop at
people outside the car window.
>> EMERY: Did they ever
talk about a percentage?
Does the entire planet have
to be conscious and not
push the red button at each
other for that to happen?
Did they ever mention
like, well, maybe
if the half of the planet's
this conscious or 2/3,
maybe we can--
>> RANDY: Critical mass is
what we're talking about,
but and we don't have
a number on that.
We have continued to try
and solve for that number,
like what is the number
of critical mass.
What's the number?
Is it 100%?
No, it doesn't have
to be 100%, but it has
to be more than what it is now.
So somewhere between where
we are and under 100,
and we got to be working towards
that so that we can earn it
a little bit and be
trusted to be responsible
people and like we're not
going to just go wreck the car.
>> EMERY: Will they
allow humanity to do that
on their own natural lifespan,
or would they ever interfere
and speed that up with
maybe a cataclysmic event?
>> RANDY: Yeah, I mean, I think
we're well on our way towards
that being sped up.
And I don't know, I've been
hearing some interesting things
recently.
I mean, we feel that
everything that we're hearing
is still directing
us that an invasion
scenario is more likely
still than anything else.
>> EMERY: As our mentor, would
the Galactic Senate allow this
to happen?
>> RANDY: That's
a good question.
And I have had
many conversations
with many different
Terrans and non-Terrans
about this very subject.
And again, there seems to be
some differences of opinion
here.
And so, again, it
depends on who you ask.
It depends on what
answer we get.
>> EMERY: Looks like though
in history, wouldn't you say,
Randy, that they have been
interacting and pulling
the reins back on us, especially
with anything to do with
nuclear radiation, including the
power plants and the warheads?
>> RANDY: Yeah, some, for sure.
I mean, we've certainly
seen quite a bit of that,
but we have not
seen 100% of that.
We have seen testing.
We have seen live
warhead activity.
We have seen the use of
tactical nuclear warheads
over the last 20 years.
Most people don't talk about it.
Most people don't-- it's not
very publicly talked about,
but tactical nukes were
used in Iraq 10 years ago.
Where's the dividing
line between,
we'll help up to this point,
but not up to this point,
or we won't interfere
up to this point
and then but we would
interfere after that point.
Big question.
And do I know the answer?
No, because I've talked to
20 different Terrans and 20
different non-Terrans, and
depending on who I've talked to
has depended on
what answer I get.
And so because the
answers are inconsistent,
I don't know what the
real answer to that is.
I don't know where
the real lines are.
There are people that
would like to think, no,
they won't let us all
die, OK, but what's all?
No, they're going to
preserve the civilization.
Well, what's that mean?
Preserve what?
So I think when you get
into the details of what
do these things really mean,
who's going to get protected?
Who's a flower, and who's
a weed in this metaphor?
You know, who's a rutabaga
and who's a thistle?
I mean, what's the
comparison here?
And who's judging that and
how do you decide that,
and by what criteria and what's
enough and what's too much?
>> EMERY: Randy,
on a positive note,
what could you share with
our viewers about elevating
our consciousness
so at that time,
it's not if we're a good
flower or a bad weed?
>> RANDY: I think psionic
development and psionic
self-mastery and
learning, mental skills,
and mental self-mastery is
probably the most important
thing that anybody can still
learn to do at this point
for their own well-being when it
comes to communication contact
and not being eaten.
>> EMERY: Absolutely, I think
awareness is very important
for that kind of contact.
>> RANDY: Well, this is why my
partner Kendra and I started
the University of Conscious
Evolution to teach psionic
principles, meditation,
psionic self-mastery,
and development so that people
can learn the basic tools
and skills of psionic
communication,
psionic self-mastery,
and development.
>> EMERY: Well, Randy,
thank you so much.
Very interesting, as always.
Thanks for being on the show.
>> RANDY: Thank
you for having me.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]